serverless computing involves the amount of CPU and memory needed to run code managed by the bloud provider.

OCI Functions permette ai developer di creare e deployare applicazioni indepentently without the need to involve operation teams in server provisioning and managment. Quindi permette ai developer di concentrarsi sul solo sviluppo del codice mentre si occuperà il cloud provders di gestire tutto il resto, inclusi la scelta del sistema operativo, configurazione del newtorking, oatching and provisioning to handle scaling.

The best practice for grouping functions in OCI Functions is to group multiple functions in a single application for better efficiency and performance. This allows you to allocate and configure resources for all functions in the application, ensuring function runtime isolation and better performance.

Cloud Shell is the recommended option for users trying out OCI Functions for the first time. It allows you to set up an OCI Functions development environment quickly by copying and pasting a few commands from the Console into the Cloud Shell window. This option enables you to experiment creating, deploying, and invoking new functions, and you can also explore OCI Functions using the samples on Git Hub.

Service Gateways enable traffic to flow from a private subnet to other OCI services. An API Gateway Deployment is used to expose access to an Oracle Function from external clients. A NAT Gateway provides network address translation from a private network to access the Internet. There is no such service known as a Function Application Gateway.

Which statement is not true regarding Oracle Functions?
1. There is a default mount of memory that a function wull use; however, you can choose to configure a different memory footprint during or after function deployment. (true)
2. the `fn deploy` command involves creating and uplodading a container image, but does not instantiate that image into memory. (true)
3. additional configuration parameters can be specified as environment variable; however, they must be specified at the function application scope. (FALSE)
4. there is a default timeout for function execution; however, you can choose to configure a different timeout during or after function deployment

**Explanation:** 3rd statement is not entirely true. Additional configuration parameters can be specified as environment variables, but they can be specified at the function's scope, not just at the function application scope.